list available backends and basic descriptors (#7000)
pydata/xarray: doc/internals/how-to-add-new-backend.rst

                return False
            return ext in {".my_format", ".my_fmt"}

        description = "Use .my_format files in Xarray"

>         docs = "https://link_to/your_backend/documentation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        url = "https://link_to/your_backend/documentation"
```

Author: Haha - just noticed that for some reason those changes didn't save locally!

Backend ``guess_can_open`` takes as input the ``filename_or_obj`` parameter of
Xarray :py:meth:`~xarray.open_dataset`, and returns a boolean.

.. _RST properties:

description and docs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

``description`` is used to provide a short text description of the backend.
``docs`` is used to include a link to the backend's documentation or code.

> These attributes are surfaced to the user via ``xarray.avail_engines``,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These attributes are surfaced to the user via :py:func:`avail_engines`,
```
